In the previous lecture was so debt database service better leads to changes when query spending data
contained across multiple services are required.
One solution to this is API composition which we'll be learning about in this lecture in API composition
ex-service referred to as the API composer queries data from multiple services and then performs and
in memory joyn of the data obtained to produce the final result an example of this from an e-commerce
scenario is illustrated here.
The product recommendation service desk will be the APL composer in this case requires the customer's
order history and the product details of the items in each order to be able to recommend new products
to a customer the product recommendation service will send the request to get the order history data
from the order history service and the product data from the product service data retrieved from both
these services is then combined in memory to generate the required result.
All the API composition is relatively simple to implement.
It is not always feasible.
Some queries that would require a joint functionality over data hand and different services would require
large data sets to be transferred to the composer making this very inefficient.
We will discuss an alternative solution which can be applied when using a composition is not a feasible
solution in the next lectures.